1 Go to, now, ye rich men; weep and how, for your miscries that shall come upon you.
4. Behold the hire of the labors who have reaped down your fields , which is kept back by fraud,crieth, and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the cars of the Lord. Gel. Ep. James v. 1-4

THE AMERICAN LABOR REFORM LEAGUE
The third annual convention of the American Labor Reform League met Sunday, May 4th, at the Masonic Hall, on Thirteenth street, near Third avenue. At the morning session, the meeting was called to order E.H. Heywood, Secretary, who introduced L.K Joslin, Vice President, from Rhode Island. At the afternoon session, a paper was read by Louis Masquiner, of Brooklyn, on "Labor Reform,"  and the subsequent discussion was taking part in by Dr. C.S. Weeks, John H.Kiser, Dr. Shevlin, M. D. Buckli and Dr. Sheppard. They held that beyond the necessaries of life the accumulation of the property is a wrong, and a man who gathers wealth robs his fellow-men. r Bucklin said that when a man is worth $20,000,000 it is better for the community for him to be in State Prison than out of it.  

	At the evening session letters were read from J. F. Bray of Pontia, Michel Emma M. Beckwith of Hudson, N. Y., William Ben, Wright of Boston, Mass; Benj. R. Tucker of Boston, Mass. ; Elizabeth Kimball of Oxford, N.H., and Lemuel Parmely of Hammond, La.
	The meeting was then addressed by William Hansom, who said that there was no standard of measurement for labor as there was for cloth and liquids.  He was then followed by Col. Henry Beeny, who spoke upon the right of the laborer who tills the land to own it.
	SECOND DAY.
	The day sessions were principally occupied by the America Anti-Usury Society.
	In the evening Stephen Pearl Andrews gave a long exposition of his peculiar views on everything under the sun.  He started by a ready solution of the whole banking troubles, passed through the proper distribution of all industries through government warehouses gave his ideas of God and Christianity, and spoke of the present government at Washington as a dead carcass.  Out of this muck-heap a new mode of ruling would shortly arise, but it will without revolution.  After answering any and all questions the audience though fit to put Mr. Andrews closed.
	The following permanent officers of the league were elected: President--Wm. R. Greene of Massachusetts.  Vice Presidents--J. R. Ingalls, New York; S. F. Bray, Michigan:  